Alerting: Update RBAC documentation with information about alerting (#47858)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/unified-alerting/_index.md

Grafana 8.0 has new and improved alerting that centralizes alerting information in a single, searchable view. It is enabled by default for all new OSS instances, and is an [opt-in]({{< relref "./opt-in.md" >}}) feature for older installations that still use legacy dashboard alerting. We encourage you to create issues in the Grafana GitHub repository for bugs found while testing Grafana alerting. See also, [What's New with Grafana alerting]({{< relref "./difference-old-new.md" >}}).

> > Refer to [Fine-grained access control]({{< relref "../enterprise/access-control/_index.md" >}}) in Grafana Enterprise to understand how you can control access with fine-grained permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Refer to [Fine-grained access control]({{< relref "../enterprise/access-control/_index.md" >}}) in Grafana Enterprise to learn more about controlling access to alerts using fine-grained permissions.
```
